Myles Creese
Tyler Entrekin
Alex Finney
Hunter King 
Beyond Code Product Write Up

	    The product enables the user to create new magazines via the add magazine button. Once created, the magazine
will be viewable in the box in the left hand side of the window when the “Magazines in Progress” radio button
is selected. At this point, the magazine desired may be double clicked to edit it. Subscribers, authors, and 
ad companies may be added via similar buttons and likewise edited. 
	    When adding or editing subscribers, multiple copies may be sent to multiple addresses or to the same address. 
This is accomplished by placing the desired number of addresses in the box that is marked with that field. For 
each address input , the program will require the number of issues desired for that address. For each subscriber,
there is also the total number of issues attached to that subscriber that can be input by filling out the
“starting issues” box. So long as the number issues attached to the subscriber does not reach zero, the subscriber 
 will continue to be mailed monthly issues of the magazine. Once the subscriber gets to their last issue, a notice
letting them know their subscription has expired will be sent with the magazine. The subscriber will also be moved 
to the inactive list at this point. Each month a label advertising a subscription renewal will be generated for the
subscribers on this inactive list. If they renew their subscription, more issues will be added to the subscriber 
and they will be moved from inactive to active. However, if the subscriber requests to not receive the inactive notices
anymore, they will be moved to a do not mail list. One other note about subscribers, they may also be on the board of 
advisers. If this is the case, then the box marked BOA should be checked and that subscriber will continually receive a
copy of each month's issue until the box is unchecked. 
	    Authors are added and retained like other system objects. When an article that their authorship is attributed to is
 published in the magazine, they get 12 months worth of issues. They can be connected with their articles when double 
clicking on a magazine and adding an article. All authors in the system are available there to connect to the article.
Similarly, ad companies are added to the system and connected with an ad inside an issue of the magazine. Ad companies
will be included on the mailing list so as to give them a complimentary issue of the magazine their ad runs in. When 
the magazine is finalized, it can be published. Once an issue is published, the mailing list is generated and all
issues of the subscribers involved are decremented accordingly and active subscribers reaching zero issues are moved to
the inactive list. 
